Impute
  Impute is a common term referring to different statistical tools 
  which can be used to calculate missing values from your dataset.

Outliers 
  Data that are significantly different from others in same sample.

HyperParamters 
  Hyperparameters are settings on the model which are not changed during training 
  but can affect how quickly or how reliably the model trains,
  such as the number of clusters the model should identify.
  Hyperparameters are set manually

Loss Function
  A loss function is used to codify the model’s distance from this goal

Model paramters 
  Model parameters are settings or configurations the training algorithm can update to change how the model behaves.

Log Loss
  Log loss seeks to calculate how uncertain your model is about the predictions it is generating.

Model Accuracy
  Model Accuracy is the fraction of predictions a model gets right.

Continuous
  floating point alues with an infinite range of possible values.
  The opposite of categorical or discrete values, which take on a limited number of possible values.

Plane 
   A mathematical term for a flat surface (like a piece of paper) on which two points can be joined by a straight line.

HyperPlane
  A mathematical term for a surface that contains more than two planes.

Bag of words
  A technique used to extract features from the text. It counts how many times a word appears in a document (corpus), 
  and then transforms that information into a dataset.

Data vectorization
  A process that converts non-numeric data into a numerical format so that it can be used by a machine learning model.

Silhouette coefficient
  A score from -1 to 1 describing the clusters found during modeling
  near 0 :- overlapping clusters, 
  less than 0 :- data points assigned to incorrect clusters

Stop words
  A list of words removed by natural language processing tools when building your dataset.

Neural Network 
  A collection of very simple models connected together.
    
    Input Layers 
      first layer in NN, recieves all data passes through NN 
    
    Hidden Layers 
      tailored to specific task 

    Output Layers 
      prediction are generated based on info captured in hidden layers. 

Discrete 
  finite number of values 

FFNN 
  most straight forward neural network 

RL
  Agent: (RL)
    The piece of software you are training is called an agent. 
    It makes decisions in an environment to reach a goal.
  
  environment
    surrounding area with which agent interacts

  Reward
    Feedback is given to an agent for each action it takes in a given state. 
    This feedback is a numerical reward.

  Action 
    For every state, an agent needs to take an action toward achieving its goal

  Exploration vs Exploitation 
    An agent should exploit known information from previous experiences to achieve higher cumulative rewards, 
    but it also needs to explore to gain new experiences that can be used in choosing the best actions in the future.

Generator 
  A neural network that learns to create new data resembling the source data on which it was trained.

Discriminator
  A neural network trained to differentiate between real and synthetic data.

Generator loss
  Measures how far the output data deviates from the real data present in the training dataset.

Discriminator loss
  Evaluates how well the discriminator differentiates between real and fake data.

AR-CNN 
  Piano Roll
    2D matrix that represents the input tracks from piano.
    time is on horizontal axis & pitch is on vertical axis.

  Edit event 
    When a note is added or removed from your input track during `inference`